[docs] add tips from Graham Neubig on how to make good contributions (#5012)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: CONTRIBUTING.md

If your changes are user-facing (e.g. a new feature in the UI, a change in behavior, or a bugfix)
please include a short message that we can add to our changelog.

## How to Make Effective Contributions

### Opening Issues

> Definitely go ahead and open, we'll discuss and implement the ones that the community has interest/effort for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice any bugs or have any feature requests please open them via the [issues page](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands/issues). We will triage based on how critical the bug is or how potentially useful the improvement is, discuss, and implement the ones that the community has interest/effort for.

Further, if you see an issue you like, please leave a "thumbs-up" or a comment, which will help us prioritize.
```

### Making Pull Requests

We're generally happy to consider all PRs, with the evaluation process varying based on the type of change:

#### For Small Improvements

> - Small improvements with few downsides are typically easy to approve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Small improvements with few downsides are typically reviewed and approved quickly.
One thing to check when making changes is to ensure that all continuous integration tests pass, which you can check before getting a review.
```

#### For Core Agent Changes

We need to be more careful with changes to the core agent. These PRs are evaluated based on three key metrics:

1. **Accuracy**
2. **Efficiency**
3. **Code Complexity**

> If it improves 1 and 2 with only a minimal change in 3 then we're 100% happy to merge it in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it improves accuracy, efficiency, or both with only a minimal change to code quality, that's great we're happy to merge it in!
```

> If there are bigger tradeoffs (e.g. helping efficiency a lot and hurting accuracy a little) we might want to put it behind a feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are bigger tradeoffs (e.g. helping efficiency a lot and hurting accuracy a little) we might want to put it behind a feature flag.
Either way, please feel free to discuss on github issues or slack, and we will give guidance and preliminary feedback.
```
